Zhou Jianzhong is temporarily unavailable.
I also left one under his bed
He is now sleeping and being washed
What about your family?
Your scumbag
Death is worse than seat
But he was on the list for tax robbery
So we have to save his life.
And identity
I really don't want him to die
But he is my classmate after all
For the sake of your family
What a affectionate and righteous dear.
I'll save your family's life
What's Tomson going to do?
Take off your pants
Master, I don't have this hobby
Where did you think of it?
Hang up clothes and pants
As a stand-in, send it to a young couple in the suburbs to hang up
Will this work?
The one who is asking for his life is not blind
That's all you need.
Self-conducting energy tube Qitian
Master is still you
You go ahead.
Hey you kid
Do you still know how to respect the old and love the young?
I've been running up and down for you for a long time
You stabbed me in the mouth
You are still in the business industry
This coward
Won't you take me too?
Boy, you have unicorn fruit.
The kid can't help you
Maybe there's a little bit of a windfall.
Hahaha